what the whole band wave of this channel in
this new video I'm going to make a
small size that I know a lot
you will like it and I hope so
be
Okay, so we are Java games that
transformed a scholarship to be able
install them on our device and
play them freely ok
ok in the description of this video you go
to find the zip file that contains
an emulator that is very necessary that is
the numerator java j2ee runner that is very
necessary to have it installed and the games
to sin ok are 13 games I think it seems to me
which are 3 eggs
and good steps for installation is
very simple first install the
emulator and once you have it
installed and games are all
those who like this come several are
I'm going to show it
well once you have installed the
emulator first the emulator and so
will be the games and they will open this
it says manager that the same emulator
is going to do two applications that is
this and there is this and it says
explorer and app manager good you
they will open in manager 2
and here you will find all the games
that I am going to leave a description
obviously if they install them all do not go
to find the ones that installed by
example was let's open let's open
this alpha 3 that in
in java it was really fun
ok and to remove the controls is very
simple we will go to the key
menu of our device and we're going to
give in system in here we will find
various options for the game by
example we can give them a to the screen
to make it wider for example
we go there and you saw that the screen
it grew we give it again
so this menu
and we give him where he says a lot of androids and
so I live here is then for the screen
adjust it up down
we press and move it to
our taste and for example I will leave
there
and now they wait a little bit because they
will appear a message that says that
exist
that if you want to confirm the change what
let's see that yes
and to get the controls back
let's go like this menu
the controls are these that say that
there ipad and I will skate buttons
I recommend the ipad
gates because they are more comfortable not for
play this although it does cost very little
It costs a bit to adapt but still not
You have to achieve without sound but play
brings sound gives more like a small one
quick game because you see that the
game works very well and does not have
no fails many probably already
have to know what is in java
I wait for the little dot to load there because
How am I recording the screen?
this application makes the phone a little
slow and therefore causes that also the
games open very slowly
well this is a race
or they can see games work very well
the controls are a bit difficult
but it will only be a matter of
adapt
comes out then this is the
but I play one of the games that I have
left
you can install the others can
go opening the
let's open a very fast right now
we are going to open this which is the realization of
city crime that is also a great
It's a great game because it has a lot
similar with gta we must accept and go
to remove the controls once
because they can not make the
screen I'm not going to army very
Quick
and something very fast for those who like it
the gta 3 of android I'm creating a
new engine
for the game I have already created one and already
I've shared them in a video that I made
I've been creating you for a while now
another but I had a little niggle
because as it already has a great advance
of the bike was going around 26% of the way
it turns out that
that I had created him and I bought him
Well to save memory
it turns out that you can open the clan master
and according to to optimize the memory of the
device and what was the surprise then
that deleted all the files and then
I had included the mods that already
I was about to put in and it could be you rumor
but anyway I 'm doing it again
getting you the files again
and I hope to have it ready in a while
as you can see the game is
working very well
although it is very funny
I hope you like it I hope you have them
liked the video that you liked
the contributions
remember subscribe give like this is
if you liked the video something else
if you like a game out there in
special left that there is a played and that
they like it very much they can leave me in the
comment box and I will gladly
I can turn them into the chopped
that they install it and they can play it
freely ok so it's worth for me
it's all I hope you liked the
video that serves them and remember
subscribe comment the game that
they want me I'm going to make a new video
where will I see the name of the
users who asked me for the game and its
game ok
same in the description of this video
they will find the game separately on
link by means affirms that it
download and then nothing
this we will see a new video and even
the next